Add Hosting Provider Comparison Table (#334)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/hosting/comparison.md

## What is a Hosting Provider?

In order to keep a bot online 24 hours a day, you need to run a computer 24 hours a day.
As [mentioned in the introduction](/guide/introduction.html#how-to-keep-a-bot-running), you most likely don't want to do that with your laptop or home computer.
Instead, you can ask a company to run the bot in the cloud.

In other words, you just run it on someone else's computer.

## Comparison Table

Please click the edit button at the bottom of the page to add more providers or to edit existing ones!

| Name                | Min. price | Serverless? | Ping and Location                    | Limits                                              | Features   |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------- | ---------- |
| Vercel              | Free       | Yes         |                                      | Unlimited invocations, 100 GB-hours, 10s time limit |            |
| Deta                | Free       | Yes         |                                      | No limits                                           |            |

> | Scaleway Functions  | Free       | Yes         |                                      | 1M requests, 400000 GB-s per month                  |            |

Author: The values in the table are still temporary. I didn't care about any formatting yet. I agree that this should be fixed before merging.

As [mentioned in the introduction](/guide/introduction.html#how-to-keep-a-bot-running), you most likely don't want to do that with your laptop or home computer.
Instead, you can ask a company to run the bot in the cloud.

In other words, you just run it on someone else's computer.

## Comparison Tables

> Please click the edit button at the bottom of the page to add more providers or to edit existing ones!

We have two comparison tables, one for [serverless](#what-does-serverless-mean) hosting and one for [VPS](#vps).

### Serverless

Serverless means that you do not control a single machine on which your bot is run.
Instead, these hosting providers will rather allow you to upload your code, and then start and stop different machines as necessary to make sure that your bot always works.

This has the downside that your bot does not have access to a persistent storage by default, such as a local file system.
Instead, you will often have to have a database separately and connect to it if you need to store data permanently.
We therefore recommend you to use a different kind of hosting for more complex bots, e.g. a [VPS](./vps.md).

> The main thing to know about them is that you must run your bot on webhooks on serverless infrastructure.

Reviewer: Are we sure about this? Heroku can be used with polling bots, too.

Author: Heroku offers workers, they are different and do not count as serverless solutions. The are comparable to GAE instances.

> | Name                  | Min. price | Limits                                                                                             | Ping and Location                     | Node.js            | Deno               | Web                | Notes                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name                  | Min. price | Limits                                                                                             | Paid plans                     | Node.js            | Deno               | Web                | Notes                                |
```

Author: It was originally called Pricing.

| --------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------ | ------------------------------------ |

> | Vercel                | Free       | [Unlimited invocations, 100 GB-hours, 10s time limit](https://vercel.com/pricing)                  | $20/mo subscription                   | :question:         | :question:         | :question:         | Not intended for non-websites?       |

Reviewer: What does 100 "GB-hours" mean? 100 GB per hour?

Author: No. GB-hours are a unit that describe space over a period of time. For example, one GB-hour would be storing 1 GB of data for one hour, or 1 MB of data for 1024 hours, or 1 TB of data for $1/1024$ hours.

| serverless.com        | Free       |                                       |                                                                                                    | :question:         | :question:         | :question:         |                                      |
| DigitalOcean Apps     | $5         |                                       |                                                                                                    | :question:         | :question:         | :question:         | Not tested                           |
| Fastly Compute@Edge   |            |                                       |                                                                                                    |                    |                    |                    |                                      |

### VPS

A virtual private server is a virtual machine that you have full control over.
You can usually access it via [SSH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell).

> You can install any software there, and are responsible for system updates and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install any software there, and you are responsible for system upgrades and so on.
```

> You can run on bot on both polling or webhooks on a VPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a VPS, you can run bots using both polling or webhooks.
```

> Check out [the tutorial](./vps.md) on how to host a grammY bot on a VPS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [the tutorial](./vps.md) on how to host grammY bots on a VPS.
```

| Name          | Min. price | Ping to API                               | Cheapest option                    |
| ------------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |

> | DigitalOcean  | $5         | 1-15 ms :netherlands: AMS, 19 ms :de: FRA | 1 vCPU, 1 GB RAM, 25 GB SSD, 1 TB  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DigitalOcean  | $5         | 1-15ms :netherlands: AMS, 19 ms :de: FRA  | 1 vCPU, 1 GB RAM, 25 GB SSD, 1 TB  |
```

Author: https://grammy.dev/plugins/session.html#external-storage-solutions

Author: Units of measurement should always have a space character. The only exception where this isn't quite clear is the per cent sign.

Reviewer: How do they relate?

Reviewer: Should we replace the other `ms` and `s` to have a space before them?

Author: Which ones? I don't see any of them.

Author: Wrong column. Found them.

Author: Fixed.

> | Hetzner Cloud | €4.15      | ~42 ms :de:                               | 1 vCPU, 2 GB RAM, 20 GB SSD, 20 TB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Hetzner Cloud | €4.15      | ~42ms :de:                                | 1 vCPU, 2 GB RAM, 20 GB SSD, 20 TB |
```

| Scaleway      | €~7        |                                           | 2 cores, 2 GB RAM, 20 GB SSD       |

> | Contabo       |            | 15 ms :de: Nuremberg                      |                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Contabo       |            | 15ms :de: Nuremberg                       |                                    |
```

> | IONOS VPS     | €1 or $2   | 15 ms :de: Baden-Baden                    | 1 vCPU, 0.5 GB RAM, 8 GB SSD       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IONOS VPS     | €1 or $2   | 15ms :de: Baden-Baden                     | 1 vCPU, 0.5 GB RAM, 8 GB SSD       |
```

# Comparison of Hosting Providers

There are many different hosting providers that allow you to run your bot.
It can sometimes be hard to keep track of how much they cost and how good their performance is.
This is why the grammY community is collecting their experiences on this page.

## What is a Hosting Provider?

In order to keep a bot online 24 hours a day, you need to run a computer 24 hours a day.
As [mentioned in the introduction](/guide/introduction.html#how-to-keep-a-bot-running), you most likely don't want to do that with your laptop or home computer.
Instead, you can ask a company to run the bot in the cloud.

In other words, you just run it on someone else's computer.

## Comparison Tables

> Please click the edit button at the bottom of the page to add more providers or to edit existing ones!

> We have two comparison tables, one for [serverless](#what-does-serverless-mean) hosting and one for [VPS](#vps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have two comparison tables, one for [serverless](#serverless) hosting and one for [VPS](#vps).
```

### Serverless

Serverless means that you do not control a single machine on which your bot is run.
Instead, these hosting providers will rather allow you to upload your code, and then start and stop different machines as necessary to make sure that your bot always works.

This has the downside that your bot does not have access to a persistent storage by default, such as a local file system.
Instead, you will often have to have a database separately and connect to it if you need to store data permanently.
We therefore recommend you to use a different kind of hosting for more complex bots, e.g. a [VPS](./vps.md).

> The main thing to know about them is that you must run your bot on webhooks on serverless infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main thing to know about them is that on serverless infrastructures you are required to use webhooks.
```

| DigitalOcean Apps     | $5         |                                   |                                                                                                     | :question:         | :question:         | :question:         | Not tested                           |
| Fastly Compute@Edge   |            |                                   |                                                                                                     |                    |                    |                    |                                      |

### VPS

A virtual private server is a virtual machine that you have full control over.
You can usually access it via [SSH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell).
You can install any software there, and you are responsible for system upgrades and so on.

On a VPS, you can run bots using both polling or webhooks.

Check out [the tutorial](./vps.md) on how to host grammY bots on a VPS.

> | Name          | Min. price | Ping to API                               | Cheapest option                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Name          | Min. price | Ping to Telegram API                               | Cheapest option                    |
```

I think this is `Ping to Telegram API`? If it is, should add it.

Reviewer: To me, it makes sense that you naturally thought that it is Telegram's API and not something else.

Reviewer 2: It can actually be confusing.
To me, it can be `Ping to Telegram API` or `Somewhere Ping to the Hosting Providers API`.
It won't hurt to make it clear.

Reviewer: We should know the boss' idea, @KnorpelSenf.

Author: It's not the ping to the Telegram API. It's the ping to the Bot API if you're using the hosted one, rather than running your own. We can write `Ping to Bot API`.

Reviewer 2: So it's somewhere ping to the bot hosted vps?

```
[Bot]
[VPS] <-> [Somewhere]
```

Reviewer: [VPS] <-> api.telegram.org
